HTML First and CSS Second

Be careful of this, as it may be taken out of context: when we recommend HTML first and 
CSS second, we mean the first HTML element needs to be added, and then that element needs
to be styled. Then add the second HTML element and apply styling to that. Trying to write
all of the HTML first and then apply CSS will make projects x10 more challenging for no 
good reason. This approach really works and allows you to keep a steady pace. Keep a good
visual of your project as you build on the layers, like making a cake.

Building in Layers

Building complex websites is easier than you may initially think. Websites are broken down
into sections. By doing this, we can build a website similar to making a cake. We first 
layer the base, and add the next layer, and so on until we are done layering our cake. 
In HTML and CSS, we first build the very first section (the base), usually called the 
'container' or 'wrapper'. We add the HTML for the container, then the CSS for the 
container and check our outcome. Following the container, we build out our next layer 
of rows or columns. Each row or column we add, we add its HTML, then its CSS and check 
our outcome. With this approach, building even the most complex looking websites becomes
as easy as what 'Plotting Your Blocks' will be after some practice. Each section is built 
independently from other sections, from the bottom layer div, towards the top, left to 
right, as shown in the video.

Outline is a helpful property that can be applied to all elements. Without a background 
color or border on each element, it is difficult to guess the start and end of an element. 
This is where outline can help. It applies a border on all elements without the additional 
width the border property would add. It is used mostly for development. Unlike border, 
when we remove the outline property in our CSS, our elements will not alter in size.
Outline is a great styling property to give our project a pseudo grid over all elements
for better visualization.

/style.css
* { outline: 1px dotted red; }
